hi friends today we are cooking a
delicious Asian dish chicken my for you
my name is Mai and no I did not name
this bill after myself for this
delicious recipe you will need chicken
breast too many the chicken breast
you will need soy sauce Chinese cooking
wine and crisp peppercorns for the
chicken my fun sauce you will need
chicken broth sesame oil oyster sauce
soy sauce curry powder and sugar for the
step 5
vegetables we are using bean sprouts
thinly slide napa cabbage thinly slide
carrot slide green onions and chopped
garlic you will also need rice stick
noodles also call vermicelli rice
noodles if you would like this delicious
recipe please visit our website
first stop the rice noodles in water for
20 minutes or until soft why the rice
noodles on something slide and meaning
the chicken in the middle bowl combine
soy sauce Chinese cooking wine and
crushed peppercorns mix together
now slice the chicken into bite-sized
pieces
place the chicken in the mayonnaise
marry the chicken for 30 minutes why the
chicken is marinating drink the rice
noodles now make the my fun sauce in a
small cup a bowl combine chicken broth
moister sauce sesame oil soy sauce curry
powder and sugar mix together
now we're ready to cook our marinated
chicken in a large wok and olive oil
marinated chicken
now set the cup chicken aside now still
find the vegetables olive oil call it
slide green onions slice carrots slide
napa cabbage bean sprouts
you
when the best will become soft as right
you know
pepper sauce a little at a time make
sure to cook the vegetables and the
noodles on high G
and cook chicken
and here you have the lizard chicken my
fun noodles we hope you enjoy watching
our video if you would like this
delicious recipe please visit our
website